Since you want to reopen the world
Repair Dragon Vein
Then let you see if I can repair this dragon vein
That's not possible.
That's impossible.
Not even a cliff stumble can repair the dragon vein
How can you be such a loser?
Keep your eyes peeled.
Take a good look.
Ah, this is heaven and earth.
wrong meta-method
Heaven and earth are mighty
Sun and moon in the same boat
Jiushan dragon vein
Appear in the mountains and rivers
Hold on.
Oh, oh, oh.
This is the Dragon Vein of Jiuqiu Mountain
Nine mountain dragons and dragon veins rushed out led by Kunlun
Return to Wanli Mountains and Rivers
Heroes are now showing signs of prosperity
Western Polar
Douzhuan reincarnation
Anhydrous dragon vein
Lying for thousands of miles
These are five water dragon veins.
The five dragons and dragons cross the waters of the building
Have them return to the building
Celebrity revives with words
Wonderland
Heavenly Reincarnation
National Protector Dragon Vein
Earth Bless the Sky
These are the 10 dragon veins representing the dynasties
invite to appear
Look!
When it rains, Xiao Tao's dragon veins from a thousand years ago are also being captured
Lay down 24 dragon flags
The king of the world has reached the peak alone
Even the dragon veins that guarded the various dynasties
Can be summoned
Who is this person?
24 dragon veins gather
Heaven and earth reopen
Reset
All kinds of immortals
Still not showing up